# project3
Project 3: remixing data

Alcohol has been around for eons, several millenia. It is perceived in varyng ways aross the world, across cultures, and across indivudals. In this project I aimed to showcase a feeling that may come from alcohol dependency. Many feelings can be associated with alcohol but I chose to hone in on a feeling that I relate to most and tend to associate it with- the feeling of instability.

The slowly changing background is meant to represent the general colors of the sky throughout the day- day to night. I chose this color scheme to represent the instability with time that one may feel when consistently under the influence- as days blend into night and into day again with drinks that go on. A monochromatic scheme was kept to keep any feelings of ecstasy and enjoyment away from this piece, in my attempt to capture a negative aspect of frequent drinking/alcohol dependency I figured a duller scheme was the way to go.

There is a slight shake to the text on screen , as another reflection of instability. I chose to keep the shaking from the moment the page loaded because in the case of alcohol withdrawal, trembling is known to be a common symptom- a downside to alcohol dependency does involve many more potentpotential symptoms and withdrawl intensity but I wanted to represent a subtle aspect of that, not so direct that it would potentially make a viewer dizzy themselves. The shaking continues through the piece to reflect the gneral instability associated with alcohol consumption- wobbliness, dizziness, and general unpleasantness.

In relation to the actual text I decided to keep only the name and ingredients for these drinks because at a certain point instructions, glass type, ingredient measurements, and all this other "et cetera" information does not always seem the most important- focusing on the name is for if one were to order the drink, the ingredients if someone were to still like the taste aspects but did not quite care on the ratios of alcohol to everything else, whether the drink is alcoholic or not also seemed important to include because in this piece  non-alcoholic drinks are a rarity but they exist- and the shaking persists. I have "drinks you've had" included because sometimes even having direct oversight and view into how much one has had, that is not enough to stop. I did not include a limit to stop all movement and text at a certain point due to the fact that this is meant to represent an unknown passage of time, there is an indefinite amount of drinks that one can have in an indefinite amount of time. I kept the text a sometimes-ambiguous color to represent the feeling of instability that may be shown through actions and choices. One still has the option to hit a button on the launchpad or click where they remember the button to be even if they have no idea what the drink name is or what it entails- providing a sense of uncertainty and recklessness. I have related instability to this in that feelings of desperation, want, need, and recklessness seem to fall within that.

Relating to the launchpad I had a few active buttons. Two of the main button light up as a drink (two different ones), they have 2 sub-buttons to change the color of the inside if you press the buttons out of order, you will get a mixture of images and colors on the launchpad. There are off buttons for each drink. And there is a button to call for another drink on the screen. I decided to have "images" of drinks displayed on the launchpad in order to visualize the appeal of fun and bright drinks, a stark contrast to what I aimed to achieve with my on-screen visuals. I also decided to include a reload for new drinks for the same reason, bringing a physical component to something that is otherwise just clicking on a mouse. Sometimes when one is unable to or unwilling to go trough one avenue for their cravings(such as on screen here), one can often find another(such as the launchpad here).